[NEKU]
Round two. Day one.
Hm?
This isn't the end.
We'll put this Reaper in his
place and get our lives back.
Once we're alive, let's meet.
In the Realground.
But you know Mister Mew!
I'll be sure to
have him with me.
Cool.
[PEDESTRIAN A]
Sorry I'm late!
[gasps]
Shiki, you‐‐
[PEDESTRIAN A] So, what stores
did you wanna hit up?
[PEDESTRIAN B] Hmm...
How 'bout Modi and Parco?
Can we also swing
by Tokyu Hands?
Ooh, yeah...
[NEKU]
That should be Shiki right now.
But because of me...
I'm... sorry.
[NEKU] All I gotta do is
survive seven more days,
and they'll set Shiki free.
[phone buzzing]
The first mission!
[microphone buzzes]
[MINAMIMOTO]
Attention, all Players!
You are nothing but pawns,
so do exactly as I say!
Game one: Calculate the
square root of 10,816.
Once you have,
seek out the solution!
You have 60 minutes
to crack this code,
and I'll only spare
the ones who show up!
Incompletes get destroyed!
Destroyed! Destroyed!
[NEKU] They're giving out
Algebra homework now?
Then again, we did beat
the GM last week,
so this guy must be
his replacement.
Ha! This the best they've got?
I can't use psychs!
[NEKU yells]
[JOSHUA] Week two already
too much for you?
All right. I'll be your
partner this round.
[NEKU]
Sweet!
[yells]
[JOSHUA]
I knew you could do it, Neku.
I've had my eye on you
for quite some time now.
And I must say, the way you
fight is very impressive.
Okay. Have we met
before or something?
[chuckles]
Hi, I'm Yoshiya Kiryu.
But call me Joshua.
[NEKU] Was he a Player
in the last game?
No. Shiki and I were
the only survivors.
Jeez, loosen up
a little, will ya?
No point in being stressed
when it's just the first day.
Wait!
[NEKU]
Enjoy every moment.
[NEKU gasps]
[NEKU] What was that?
Did I just scan him?
Something wrong?
[NEKU]
No.
Players aren't supposed to
be able to scan each other.
Oh, dear. Seems my new
escort's suspicious of me.
If you don't trust
your partner, though,
you can kiss winning goodbye.
[NEKU]
Not yet. No way I can trust him.
But the mission's
already started.
Let's get going, team.
And what a splendid team
the two of us will make.
Thankfully, 104 is close.
[NEKU]
Yeah. So?
Still stuck on
the mission, huh?
[JOSHUA] The square root
of 10,816 is 104.
Meaning 104 is the place we
should be seeking out. Shall we?
A game two weeks in a row.
Now there's a first.
Nah. It happened
before way back when.
Spring chicken like you wasn't
around to see that, though.
"Spring chicken"?
I'm two years into this.
Tell me, just how long
have you been a Reaper?
Please, details are
so inconsequential.
Anywho, I'm glad we get to take
it easy and play standby.
It's orders like these that
make me hate working for him.
I can't rack up any points.
I'm positive he's thought up
some crazy‐intricate scheme.
Something our pleb minds
could never grasp.
[KARIYA] He is the type
of genius headcase
who made that
stunning work of art.
[SCHOOLGIRL A]
What is it?
[SCHOOLGIRL B] I think
it's called "guerilla art."
'Kay, that wasn't here.
[NEKU] Not even amnesia could
wipe an eyesore like that.
We've got company.
Come on! Really?
You are so zetta slow!
You can't even crack
a crack a Z‐class code?
You factoring hectopascals!
[NEKU]
Hecto... what?
I take it we've completed
the mission if the timer fades?
Uh. Yeah. That's right.
The name's Sho Minamimoto!
AKA the new Game Master!
Strutting your stuff on day one?
You're not a fan of
tradition, are you?
[MINAMIMOTO]
Tradition is garbage!
Crunch! Ha! I'll add
it to the heap! Huh?
[MINAMIMOTO] Didn't expect to
see you playin' this round.
You actually know who I am?
Well, yay for happy errors.
I'm that much closer
to my desired solution.
What? "Your solution"?
I only allow two things
in the games I run!
Flawless calculations
and beauty!
I see the rumors were true.
[MINAMIMOTO]
Some Old Horses Can Always Hear
Their Owner Approach.
[MINAMIMOTO]
Pop quiz time!
How much weight will I
let you Players carry
in the Underground?
Time's up! It's one yoctogram!
Which would put us
on the atomic level.
I'm confused right now.
Tried opening it, but
as we thought, no dice.
Which leaves Route Four
as the only route open.
One and Two are
also sealed up tight.
Routes Five and Six
are also dead ends today?
Told you he had a plan.
And, man, did he work fast.
His plan should've filled us
in on what areas were open.
Does he not care
about the Reapers
toughing it out on the ground?
I can't stand that jerk!
It's not that big a deal.
I say we sit back and see what
the mastermind has in store.
The message said we
just had to get to 104!
And you'd spare
everybody who showed!
[PLAYER N] Is there something
else we're supposed to do?
[PLAYER P]
All I want's my life back!
[NEKU]
I know them.
Don't tell me...
[MINAMIMOTO] You worthless
000s have no value here.
So I have one simple request:
I want you to die!
[NEKU gasps]
[PLAYERS screaming]
[chuckles]
[MINAMIMOTO] Listen up!
There's a new mission!
Player versus Player,
to the death.
Yoctograms who win
make it to day two.
[PLAYER D screams]
[PLAYERS gasp]
Don't listen to a single
word that Reaper says!
What you need to do is
trust your partners!
'Cause if you can't,
you'll get erased!
[JOSHUA]
That was a close one.
The weakest point on
those types is their back.
You heard that kid!
Let's work together
and fend them off!
Hey! I'm not Noise!
The GM told us to fight!
I don't wanna die!
[PLAYER A] Stop, dude!
You're not thinking straight!
[laughs] Excellent!
Here's an idea!
The Players who take out those
Reapers get a free pass.
[gasps]
[PLAYERS yelling]
Come on.
Now!
It's our time to shine.
Let's show these nasty Noise
who they're dealing with.
Work for you, Neku?
[NEKU]
What do you think?
You're gonna love this.
[gasps]
This power. Where'd
it come from?
Had a feeling we'd
make a good team,
but I didn't know
we'd be that good.
Looks like the next seven
days will be a breeze.
At least, they should be.
If we can maintain this
beautiful partnership, that is.
I hardly know
anything about you.
[chuckles]
If you wanna survive
any more Reapers' games,
then all you need to know
is that you need me.
You have to put your trust in me
in order to win, understand?
[MINAMIMOTO laughs]
One day in and
I can already tell
this is gonna be zetta fun!
[MINAMIMOTO laughs]
I mean, surely some
of you think so, too.
Hey. It's me.
Another day back at Hachiko.
[JOSHUA] The whole area's
sealed off? Hmm.
Huh?
[NEKU] Who could he
possibly be talking to?
I see.
So if the wall on Route
Three were to open up,
then I could slip under
the Miyashita Park guard.
[NEKU]
Miyashita Park?
If I had to guess,
I'd say he's trying to find
a way to Cat Street.
[gasps]
[NEKU]
I remember!
I know Shibuya!
I know where I am.
And I can name every
street connected to it.
This time last week,
someone could've said
Shibuya's a type of ramen
and I would've believed 'em.
So then, what changed?
Of course!
I told you there's a price
for entering this game.
They find out what's most
important to you at the time
and take it.
That's the rule.
So, the other day, Rhyme
said she didn't know
what having a dream
actually felt like.
I'm guessing she had dreams,
but they were taken
as her entry fee.
She forgot. Her mind got wiped
the same way that mine did.
[NEKU]
My memory's back!
So that was my first entry fee.
Now, I... I remember
when I was alive!
[NEKU]
Enjoy every moment.
If I'm gonna live by that
motto with all I've got,
I'm gonna do what I want,
how I want, when I want.
[gasps]
[NEKU] The wall of graffiti
I saw when I scanned Joshua
is in the back streets of
the Udagawa district.
But how was I able to
scan him to begin with?
He's a Player.
[JOSHUA] Then just give me
a call when it's ready.
Huh? Why so grim? Someone die?
Ha, ha, you're hilarious.
But since we're on the subject,
sorry 'bout your last partner.
Spill it! Just how
much do you know?
You think you're the only one?
Well, think again.
Every Player in the Game has
something special at stake.
[phone buzzes]
[NEKU] "Square root of three."
Like Route Three?
Perfect. You know
all about that.
'Scuse me?
See? Route Three?
You mentioned it on the phone.
[chuckles]
[JOSHUA]
Fun fact for you, Neku.
Reapers refer to these
streets by numbers.
There are Routes One,
Two, Three, and so on
that lead throughout Shibuya.
You know a lot.
Just thought of another
fun fact for you.
This is a Reaper decal, see?
Does it mean anything?
[JOSHUA]
So clever.
It means if a store has
this plastered on it,
we can shop there.
[NEKU]
Wait, what?
[JOSHUA]
Be right back.
[NEKU gasps]
They could see you?
But Players are invisible to
people in the Realground,
so how does that even work?
Magically. Here.
We're given visible forms
inside stores with decals
so clerks can interact with us.
[NEKU]
Why?
Right?
Reapers can materialize at will
and Players
materialize in shops.
And Route Two is
sealed. Too bad.
Aw, Skater‐Brain.
[JOSHUA]
Having a moment?
It's nothing. Besides, Route
Two's not the one we want.
May I present
Reaper Route Three.
It's the street that cuts
through from Modi to Parco.
[NEKU]
The countdown's still going.
Up for a little stroll?
And the Grim Heaper
strikes again.
They seem strange.
Gonna have to agree
with you on that one.
Try harder!
Damn, that didn't even faze it!
We could try that teamwork
thing. You game, pal?
[gasps]
All right.
[NEKU]
Focus. Open up your senses.
Now!
It worked! One down, one to go!
[yells]
[NEKU] My first impression
of black Noise. Not a fan.
[JOSHUA] I'm just glad we
thought to use joint attacks.
That was the only effective
way to damage them.
[NEKU]
Oh. Was that what did it?
[JOSHUA] Did you not put
two and two together?
Neku, as your partner,
I'm both offended and concerned.
[NEKU] I'm still processing
what that Noise even was.
[chuckles]
True. They were odd.
Taboo Noise, perhaps?
Did you say something?
It must've been the wind.
Good news is, we completed
the mission for today.
Oh, whoa. Shiki's friend?
You always get the white lilies.
My friend really liked them.
I don't want her to be
lonely, so I visit daily.
Oh...
I mean, leave offerings daily.
Be right back, okay?
The one who's lonely is me.
[NEKU]
Sorry.
It's all my fault.
I... just miss her.
[CLERK A]
Please take these, too.
What?
[CLERK A] I put it in the
back because the flowers
finished blooming, but it's
still a very pretty bouquet.
I think your friend
will like it.
Thank you very much.
She'll like it. You're right.
She worked hard,
honed her craft each day.
But now she's...
[SHIKI]
I'm right here.
You and I still have
the same dream.
I am gonna win! So we can
live our dream together!
But me...
[gasps]
[NEKU] I still don't know
anything about my death!
It's just blank!
It feels like my other
memories are intact,
so why can't I
remember how I died?
[JOSHUA]
Does it matter?
I don't think so.
Simply do as I say and
you'll be sure to live again.
What is it you're
not telling me?
I know you know something!
[gasps]
[NEKU] That's me.
But why am I lying there?
[NEKU]
And that's... Udagawa.
Blood. Is this my death?
So then... is Udagawa
where I died? But why?
[JOSHUA]
Neku?
Just curious, but did you
scan me by chance?
[rustling]
Hold on. Those wings!
Beat, no.
[BEAT]
So, you his new partner?
That's right.
Well, big whoop.
I'm here 'cause Mr. Kitaniji
told me to find ya.
And wipe the floor
with your face!
[BEAT]
You're weak.
How can you take another
day in this game
when you can't even
take a punch?
Listen... Shiki was my new
entry fee, so I have to play.
I'm fighting to bring
Shiki back to life!
The same way you
fought for Rhyme!
You ain't even worth
the beat down, dude.
Hang on! Come back! Beat!
[NEKU]
Next time: "CAT."